introduce batch limit for meta tran batch (#2216)
pg-sharding/spqr: docs/configuration/coordinator.mdx

| `enable_role_system`       | Whether to enable the [role-based access control system](./roles).                           | `true`, `false`                               |
| `roles_file`               | The file path to the [roles](./roles) configuration.                                         | Any valid file path                           |
| `etcd_max_send_bytes`      | Maximum request size in bytes that the etcd client (QDB implementation) is allowed to send. | Integer (bytes), use `0` for the etcd default |

> | `etcd_max_txn_ops`         | Max subcommand count for complex commands in meta transactions. 128 is default value         | Any integer value between 0 and 65535 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `etcd_max_txn_ops`         | Maximum number of subcommands allowed in a single etcd transaction. Default is 128. | Integer value in the range 0–65535 |
```

Reviewer: + same style for `qdb_max_txn_ops`

Author: ок
